---
layout: post
title: Genre Analysis Report Work Week
date: 2018-07-31 00:00:00 -0400
---
<p><em>This is the post for July 31 and August 1, 2018.</em></p>
<h2 id="notes">Notes for Today</h2>
We’re using a different schedule this week. Your Genre Analysis Report (GAR) is due Monday, August 6, so you need to spend this week giving your report all your attention. Here's how it will be different:
  <ul>
  <li>No additional textbook readings or daily discussion posts this week.</li>
  <li>Only one Course Declaration for the entire week (rather than one every day).</li>
  </ul>
<h2 id="readings">Readings for Today</h2>
  <ul>
  <li>Review what you’ve read as necessary. Find the links in Step 2 of the <a href="https://canvas.vt.edu/courses/70739/assignments/442795" target="_parent">GAR Assignment</a>.</li>
  <li>Review any relevant daily discussion posts by visiting the <a href="https://tracigardner.github.io/PostList/" target="_blank">list of all posts</a>.</li>
  </ul>
<h2 id="tasks">Tasks for Today</h2>
<ol class="listDS">
<li><strong>Spend your week working on your Genre Analysis Report.</strong></li>
<li><strong>Be sure you cite your sources and provide a bibliography</strong>. Everything you borrow <strong>must</strong> be documented, including ideas, words, phrases, images, and organization. If you need a review, watch the Lynda.com video <a href="https://www.lynda.com/Business-Skills-tutorials/How-identify-credit-sources/373553/549315-4.html?org=vt.edu" target="_blank">How to identify and credit sources</a> (6m 32s).</li>
<li><strong>Finish a full draft of your GAR by Thursday, August 2.</strong> Be ready to post your draft in the <a href="https://canvas.vt.edu/courses/70739/discussion_topics/362553" target="_parent">Group Feedback on Genre Analysis Reports discussion in Canvas</a> by 11:59PM on Thursday.</li>
<li><strong>Block out time this weekend (August 3–5) to read your group members’ drafts and provide feedback.</strong> Since these are longer projects, you will need to allow extra time.</li>
<li><strong>Record the work that you&rsquo;ve done every day</strong> in your Labor Log. Your <a href="https://canvas.vt.edu/courses/70739/assignments/444293" target="_parent">08/03 Labor Log submission  in Canvas</a> is due by 11:59PM Friday, August 3. The grace period for your labor log ends at 11:59PM on Monday, August 6.</li>
<li><strong>Be ready to complete your Course Declaration on Friday.</strong> The assignment will be available on Friday.</li></ol>
